[FLINK-25975][docs] add document about AvroParquet format use cases (#18660)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/connectors/datastream/formats/parquet.md

- Bounded read for batch mode
- Continuous read for streaming mode: monitors a directory for new files that appear 

## Flink RowData

> #### Bounded read example

Author: The original text was "read" and the use case is reading records. Could you share your thoughts of replacing the "read" with the "data"?

> #### Bounded read example

Reviewer: I think we should go for Unbounded Streams and Bounded Streams, like is explained on https://flink.apache.org/flink-architecture.html

> #### Bounded read example

Author: hmm, even on that page there are two different names: Unbounded and Bounded Data vs. Stream. Let's use stream.

> #### Bounded read example

Author: let's use Bounded/Unbounded data for naming consistency.

In this case, Avro will use Java reflection to generate schemas and protocols for these POJO classes.
Java types are mapped to Avro schemas, please refer to the [Avro reflect](https://avro.apache.org/docs/1.10.0/api/java/index.html) for more details.

#### Bounded read example

In this example, we use a simple Java POJO class [Datum](https://github.com/apache/flink/blob/master/flink-formats/flink-parquet/src/test/java/org/apache/flink/formats/parquet/avro/Datum.java):

```java
public class Datum implements Serializable {

    public String a;
    public int b;

    public Datum() {}

    public Datum(String a, int b) {
        this.a = a;
        this.b = b;
    }

    @Override
    public boolean equals(Object o) {
        if (this == o) {
            return true;
        }
        if (o == null || getClass() != o.getClass()) {
            return false;
        }

        Datum datum = (Datum) o;
        return b == datum.b && (a != null ? a.equals(datum.a) : datum.a == null);
    }

    @Override
    public int hashCode() {
        int result = a != null ? a.hashCode() : 0;
        result = 31 * result + b;
        return result;
    }
}
```

> We create an `AvroParquetRecordFormat` via `AvroParquetReaders` for Avro Reflect record
> and then create a DataStream containing Parquet records as Avor Reflect records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You create an `AvroParquetRecordFormat` via `AvroParquetReaders` for Avro Reflect record
and then create a DataStream containing Parquet records as Avro Reflect records.
```

```java
final FileSource<GenericRecord> source =
        FileSource.forRecordStreamFormat(
                AvroParquetReaders.forReflectRecord(Datum.class), /* Flink Path */)
        .build();

final StreamExecutionEnvironment env = StreamExecutionEnvironment.getExecutionEnvironment();
        env.enableCheckpointing(10L);
        
final DataStream<GenericRecord> stream =
        env.fromSource(source, WatermarkStrategy.noWatermarks(), "file-source");
```

> #### Continuous read example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Unbounded stream example
```

> In this example, similar to the bound read example, we use the same POJO Java class `Datum`
> and monitor for the new files every second to read Avro Reflect records from Parquet files
> infinitely as new files are added to the directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example, similar to the bounded data example, uses the same POJO Java class `Datum`
and monitors for the new files every second to read Avro Reflect records from Parquet files
infinitely as new files are added to the directory.
```

    "fields": [
      {"name": "num", "type": "int"},
      {"name": "street", "type": "string"},
      {"name": "city", "type": "string"},
      {"name": "state", "type": "string"},
      {"name": "zip", "type": "string"}
    ]
  }
]
```

You will use the Avro Maven plugin to generate the `Address` Java class:

```java
@org.apache.avro.specific.AvroGenerated
public class Address extends org.apache.avro.specific.SpecificRecordBase implements org.apache.avro.specific.SpecificRecord {
    // generated code...
}
```

You will create an `AvroParquetRecordFormat` via `AvroParquetReaders` for Avro Specific record 
and then create a DataStream containing Parquet records as Avro Specific records. 

```java
final FileSource<GenericRecord> source =
        FileSource.forRecordStreamFormat(
                AvroParquetReaders.forSpecificRecord(Address.class), /* Flink Path */)
        .build();

final StreamExecutionEnvironment env = StreamExecutionEnvironment.getExecutionEnvironment();
        env.enableCheckpointing(10L);
        
final DataStream<GenericRecord> stream =
        env.fromSource(source, WatermarkStrategy.noWatermarks(), "file-source");
```

#### Unbounded data example

> This example, similar to the bound batch example, uses the same generated Address Java class 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example, similar to the bounded batch example, uses the same generated Address Java class 
```

        this.b = b;
    }

    @Override
    public boolean equals(Object o) {
        if (this == o) {
            return true;
        }
        if (o == null || getClass() != o.getClass()) {
            return false;
        }

        Datum datum = (Datum) o;
        return b == datum.b && (a != null ? a.equals(datum.a) : datum.a == null);
    }

    @Override
    public int hashCode() {
        int result = a != null ? a.hashCode() : 0;
        result = 31 * result + b;
        return result;
    }
}
```

You will create an `AvroParquetRecordFormat` via `AvroParquetReaders` for Avro Reflect record
and then create a DataStream containing Parquet records as Avro Reflect records.

```java
final FileSource<GenericRecord> source =
        FileSource.forRecordStreamFormat(
                AvroParquetReaders.forReflectRecord(Datum.class), /* Flink Path */)
        .build();

final StreamExecutionEnvironment env = StreamExecutionEnvironment.getExecutionEnvironment();
        env.enableCheckpointing(10L);
        
final DataStream<GenericRecord> stream =
        env.fromSource(source, WatermarkStrategy.noWatermarks(), "file-source");
```

#### Unbounded data example

> This example, similar to the bound batch example, uses the same POJO Java class `Datum`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example, similar to the bounded batch example, uses the same POJO Java class `Datum`
```
